---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nd_link Resource - terraform-provider-nd"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# nd_link (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dst_fabric_name` (String) Name of the destination fabric.
- `dst_interface_name` (String) Name of the destination interface.
- `dst_switch_name` (String) Name of the destination device.
- `policy_type` (String) The link policy type. Determines the set of applicable templateInputs fields.
- `src_fabric_name` (String) Name of the source fabric.
- `src_interface_name` (String) Name of the source interface.
- `src_switch_name` (String) Name of the source device.

### Optional

- `auto_gen_config_default_vrf` (Boolean) Auto-generate configuration on default VRF. If enabled, automatically generate default VRF configuration over the physical or port-channel interface for a border device in an easy fabric.
- `auto_gen_config_nx_peer_default_vrf` (Boolean) Auto-generate configuration for NX-OS/IOS XE Peer on default VRF. If enabled, automatically generate Default VRF (Global VRF for IOS XE) configuration for managed neighbor devices.
- `auto_gen_config_peer` (Boolean) Auto-generate configuration for the peer. If enabled, automatically generate VRF Lite configuration for managed NX-OS neighbor devices.
- `bfd_echo_on_dst_interface` (Boolean) Disable BFD Echo on the destination interface. Applicable only when BFD is enabled in the fabric.
- `bfd_echo_on_src_interface` (Boolean) Disable BFD Echo on the source interface. Applicable only when BFD is enabled in the fabric.
- `bpdu_guard` (String) BPDU guard for spanning-tree.
- `dci_tracking` (Boolean) Enable DCI tracking on the physical interface on the easy fabric side of this link, if the switch is any type of border gateway.
- `dci_tracking_enable_flag` (Boolean) DCI tracking enable flag to deploy DCI tracking.
- `default_vrf_ebgp_neighbor_password` (String) Default VRF BGP neighbor password.
- `dhcp_relay_on_dst_interface` (Boolean) Enable DHCP relay on the destination interface.
- `dhcp_relay_on_src_interface` (Boolean) Enable DHCP relay on the source interface.
- `dst_cluster_name` (String) Name of the destination cluster.
- `dst_ebgp_asn` (String) BGP autonomous system number in the destination fabric.
- `dst_interface_config` (String) Destination interface freeform configuration. All configurations should strictly match 'show run' output, with respect to case and newlines. Any mismatches will yield unexpected diffs during deployment.
- `dst_interface_description` (String) Description for the destination interface.
- `dst_ip` (String) IP address of the destination interface.
- `dst_ip_address` (String) Destination IP address.
- `dst_ip_address_mask` (String) IPv4 address with mask of the destination interface.
- `dst_ipv6` (String) IPv6 address of the destination interface.
- `dst_ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the destination interface.
- `dst_ipv6_address_mask` (String) IPv6 address with mask of the destination interface.
- `dst_kme_server_ip` (String) Destination KME server IP. Key Management Entity server IPv4 address.
- `dst_macsec_key_chain_prefix` (String) Destination MACsec policy/key-chain name prefix. This prefix is used to form policy and key-chain names for MACsec configuration at the destination.
- `dst_netflow_monitor_name` (String) Layer 3 Monitor Name to be applied to the destination interface.
- `dst_qkd_profile_name` (String) Destination QKD profile name.
- `dst_switch_id` (String) Unique identifier of the destination switch.
- `dst_trustpoint_label` (String) Destination trust point label. TLS authentication type trustpoint label.
- `dst_vrf_name` (String) VRF name in the destination fabric, default VRF if not specified.
- `ebgp_auth_key_encryption_type` (String) BGP key encryption type: 3 - 3DES, 6 - Cisco type 6, 7 - Cisco type 7
- `ebgp_bfd` (Boolean) Enable BGP BFD.
- `ebgp_log_neighbor_change` (Boolean) Enable BGP log neighbor change.
- `ebgp_maximum_paths` (Number) BGP maximum paths.
- `ebgp_multihop` (Number) eBGP time-to-live value for the remote peer.
- `ebgp_password` (String) Encrypted eBGP password hex string.
- `ebgp_send_comboth` (Boolean) Enable BGP send-community both.
- `enable_ebgp_password` (Boolean) Enable eBGP password.
- `fec` (String) Forward Error Correction (FEC) mode
- `ignore_certificate` (Boolean) Ignore certificate to skip verification of the incoming certificate.
- `inherit_ebgp_password_msd_settings` (Boolean) Inherit eBGP password from MSD settings. Applicable only when source and destination fabrics are in the same MSD fabric.
- `inherit_ttag_fabric_setting` (Boolean) Enable timestamp tagging (ttag/ttag-strip) for DCI interfaces when PTP is enabled in fabric settings.
- `interface_admin_state` (Boolean) Admin state of the interface.
- `interface_vrf` (String) Interface VRF name.
- `ip_redirects` (Boolean) Disable IP redirects.
- `ipv4_pim` (Boolean) Enable IPv4 Protocol Independent Multicast.
- `ipv4_trm` (Boolean) Enable IPv4 tenant routed multicast.
- `ipv6_pim` (Boolean) Enable IPv6 Protocol Independent Multicast.
- `ipv6_trm` (Boolean) Enable IPv6 tenant routed multicast.
- `link_mtu` (Number) Interface MTU.
- `macsec` (Boolean) Enable MACsec on the link.
- `macsec_cipher_suite` (String) MACsec cipher suite.
- `macsec_fallback_cryptographic_algorithm` (String) MACsec fallback cryptographic algorithm. AES_128_CMAC or AES_256_CMAC.
- `macsec_fallback_key_string` (String) MACsec fallback key string. Cisco Type 7 Encrypted Octet String.
- `macsec_primary_cryptographic_algorithm` (String) MACsec primary cryptographic algorithm. AES_128_CMAC or AES_256_CMAC.
- `macsec_primary_key_string` (String) MACsec primary key string. Cisco Type 7 Encrypted Octet String.
- `mtu` (Number) Interface MTU.
- `mtu_type` (String) MTU for the interface.
- `native_vlan` (Number) Set native VLAN for the interface.
- `netflow_on_dst_interface` (Boolean) Enable NetFlow on the destination interface.
- `netflow_on_src_interface` (Boolean) Enable NetFlow on the source interface.
- `override_fabric_macsec` (Boolean) When true, uses local link-level MACsec settings. When false, settings are inherited from the Fabric Management settings
- `port_type_fast` (Boolean) Enable spanning-tree edge port behavior.
- `qkd` (Boolean) Enable MACsec with QKD configuration.
- `redistrib_ebgp_route_map_name` (String) Redistribute BGP route map name. Route-map used to redistribute BGP routes to IGP in default VRF. Applicable only for easy fabric.
- `redistribute_route_server` (Boolean) Enable redistribute direct on the route server.
- `route_server_routing_tag` (String) Routing tag associated with the route server IP for redistribute direct.
- `routing_tag` (String) Routing tag associated with the interface IP for default VRF.
- `skip_config_generation` (Boolean) Skip configuration generation for the Multisite overlay IFC when enabled
- `speed` (String) Interface Speed
- `src_cluster_name` (String) Name of the source cluster.
- `src_ebgp_asn` (String) BGP autonomous system number in the source fabric.
- `src_interface_config` (String) Source interface freeform configuration. All configurations should strictly match 'show run' output, with respect to case and newlines. Any mismatches will yield unexpected diffs during deployment.
- `src_interface_description` (String) Description for the source interface.
- `src_ip` (String) IP address of the source interface.
- `src_ip_address` (String) IP address for the sub-interface in each VRF in the source fabric.
- `src_ip_address_mask` (String) IPv4 address with mask of the source interface.
- `src_ipv6` (String) IPv6 address of the source interface.
- `src_ipv6_address_mask` (String) IPv6 address with mask of the source interface.
- `src_kme_server_ip` (String) Source KME server IP. Key Management Entity server IPv4 address.
- `src_macsec_key_chain_prefix` (String) Source MACsec policy/key-chain name prefix. This prefix is used to form policy and key-chain names for MACsec configuration at the source.
- `src_netflow_monitor_name` (String) Layer 3 Monitor Name to be applied to the source interface.
- `src_qkd_profile_name` (String) Source QKD profile name.
- `src_switch_id` (String) Unique identifier of the source switch.
- `src_trustpoint_label` (String) Source trust point label. TLS authentication type trustpoint label.
- `src_vrf_name` (String) VRF name in the source fabric, default VRF if not specified.
- `template_config_gen_peer` (String) Template for configuration generation on the peer. Python template for VRF Lite configuration on NX-OS peer in an external fabric.
- `template_name` (String) Name of the user-defined template
- `trunk_allowed_vlans` (String) Trunk allowed VLANs (Allowed values - 'none', 'all', or VLAN ranges (ex- 1-200,500-2000,3000)).
- `vrf_name_nx_peer_switch` (String) VRF name in NX-OS peer switch. This field is applied to the edge router when the link is between a border in easy fabric and an edge router in an external fabric. Default VRF is used when blank. The border device always uses default VRF.

### Read-Only

- `link_id` (String) Unique identifier of the link.
- `link_type` (String) Type of the link.
